---
title: Guía
sidebar_label: 'Prompts'
sidebar_position: 1
---

# How does Larri work?

Communication with Larri is very similar to how we use other artificial intelligences like ChatGPT, which is a model trained to follow an instruction in a message and provide a detailed response. To communicate with Larri, just write a message in a chat and wait for your response, which will be automatically and consistently generated by the AI.

## What is a PROMPT?

In the context of artificial intelligence, a prompt is like a clue or an example you give an AI to help it understand what you want it to do. It's like when you show someone a drawing and ask them to create something similar. The prompt is like a seed you give the AI to come up with its own solution or answer. It is a simple and creative way to interact with it and get it to do what you need in a more precise and efficient way.

:::tip

Remember that AI can only generate answers based on the prompt you give it, so try to make it as complete and accurate as possible.
:::

Recursos:

- [Prompt perfect](https://promptperfect.jina.ai/)

## Prompts for Larri

Larri can answer true or false questions, multiple selection, mathematical problems and more. Just write the question or problem in the chat and Larri will give you the correct answer and explain how you got it.

:::caution

Larri generates answers based on her training and knowledge, but it is not infallible. If you are not sure of Larri's answer, we recommend that you check the information on your own, consulting reliable and verified sources.

:::

### True and False Questions

:::note Example:

**User:** I have a true or false question, Tears and saliva are at the same time mechanical and biochemical defenses against colonization by microorganisms.

**Larri:** True. Tears and saliva contain antimicrobial enzymes that help protect the body from colonization by microorganisms.

:::

### Multiple Choice Questions

:::note Example:

**User:** I have a multiple selection question, These events marked the end of the Middle Ages and the beginning of the Modern Age:

choose from the following options:

a. The invention of the printing press and the arrival of Europeans in America in the 15th century.

b. The barbaric invasions and the fall of Rome in 476 AD. C.

c. World War I and the Bolshevik revolution at the beginning of the 20th century.

**Larri:** The correct answer is a. The invention of the printing press and the arrival of Europeans in America in the 15th century.

:::

We can ask Larri to explain her answers in case we need to.

:::note Example:
**User:** I have a multiple selection question, These events marked the end of the Middle Ages and the beginning of the Modern Age:

choose from the following options and **explain your answer:**

a. The invention of the printing press and the arrival of Europeans in America in the 15th century.

b. The barbaric invasions and the fall of Rome in 476 AD. C.

c. World War I and the Bolshevik revolution at the beginning of the 20th century.

**Larri:** The correct answer is option a. The invention of printing and the arrival of Europeans in America in the 15th century marked the end of the Middle Ages and the beginning of the Modern Age. The printing press enabled Europeans to disseminate knowledge on an unprecedented scale, contributing to advances in education, science, technology and culture. The arrival of Europeans in America also changed the course of history, as it brought with it new forms of commerce, agriculture and religion.

:::

### Searching Resources

:::note Example:
**User:** Get me a page where I can read a book on 3rd year biology in Spanish

**Larri:** Sure! Here is a list of websites where you can find 3rd year biology books in Spanish:

1. Libros de Biología: http://www.biologia.net/libros/
2. Libros de Biología para Bachillerato: http://www.biologia.net/libros/bachillerato/
3. Libros de Biología Gratuitos: http://www.biologia.net/libros/gratis/
4. Libros de Biología para Estudiantes de Tercero de Bachillerato: http://www.biologia.net/libros/bachillerato/tercero/
5. Libros de Biología para Estudiantes de Tercero de Bachillerato en Español: http://www.biologia.net/libros/bachillerato/tercero/espanol/

:::

### Searching quote

:::note Example:
**User:** I need a quote from some author explaining that it is the approach of the problem in a research work, I need the year of the appointment and the name of the author

**Larri:**
According to author John Creswell (2009), the approach to the problem is "the explanation of the current situation, the context, the purpose of the research, the research questions and the objectives."
:::
